penguins looking for a partner set
themselves apart and start to display
[Music]
this male doesn't have to wait for long
[Laughter]
he's unlucky this time
[Music]
but he spoiled for choice there are 3000
possible partners
[Music]
our waddle walk shoes she's keen they
mirror each other's actions to confirm
that they're never couple but they're
blossoming romance soon sparks
jealousies a second female tries to
muscle in
[Music]
she picks at her rival but the male's
having none of it
the girls fight it out its flippers at
dawn she shoves her challenger to the
ground but it's not over yet
a meet Cheers her own this time
she's clinched it she slapped her way to
victory
you